# AWS Resource Groups and Tag Editor

## [AWS Resource Groups](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ARG/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)
AWS Resource Groups lets you organize AWS resources such as Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud instances, Amazon Relational Database Service databases, and Amazon Simple Storage Service buckets into groups using criteria that you define as tags. A resource group is a collection of resources that match the resource types specified in a query, and share one or more tags or portions of tags. You can create a group of resources based on their roles in your cloud infrastructure, lifecycle stages, regions, application layers, or virtually any criteria. Resource Groups enable you to automate management tasks, such as those in AWS Systems Manager Automation documents, on tag-related resources in AWS Systems Manager. Groups of tagged resources also let you quickly view a custom console in AWS Systems Manager that shows AWS Config compliance and other monitoring data about member resources.

## [Tag Editor](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/tag-editor/latest/userguide/tag-editor.html)
Tags are key and value pairs that act as metadata for organizing your AWS resources. With most AWS resources, you have the option of adding tags when you create the resource. Examples of resources include an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance, an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket, or a secret in AWS Secrets Manager. However, you can also add tags to multiple, supported resources at once by using Tag Editor. You build a query for resources of various types, and then add, remove, or replace tags for the resources in your search results. Tag-based queries assign an `AND` operator to tags, so any resource that matches the specified resource types and all specified tags is returned by the query.
